Update CONTRIBUTING to explain about js complier assets (#5432)
octobercms/october: .github/CONTRIBUTING.md

- Describe the problem clearly in the Pull Request description
- Please make your fix on the `develop` branch. This makes merging much easier.

> - Do not edit compiled asset files such as `october.css`, `storm.js`, `framework.css`, `framework.combined.js`, `framework-min.js` etc. directly. Instead, edit the LESS files inside the `less/` directory for updating the styles. For October CMS javascript files edit the **non-minified** and **non-combined versions**. For third-party vendor files you should update both the **.min** and **non-min** versions. Then run `php artisan october:util compile assets` from the project root and commit the changes. For a full list of commands see the documentation here: https://octobercms.com/docs/console/commands#october-util-command

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Do not edit compiled core asset files such as `october.css`, `storm.js`, `framework.css`, `framework.combined.js`, `framework-min.js`, etc. directly. Instead, edit the LESS files inside the `less/` directory  if you wish to update the styles. For October CMS JavaScript files, edit the **non-minified** and **non-combined versions**. For third-party vendor files, you should update both the **.min** and **non-min** versions. Afterwards, run `php artisan october:util compile assets` from the project root to compile all assets and commit the changes. For a full list of commands see the documentation here: https://octobercms.com/docs/console/commands#october-util-command
```
